Add monitoring config (#1348)
tensorflow/serving: tensorflow_serving/g3doc/serving_config.md

(can be achieved using
[HandleReloadConfigRequest](https://github.com/tensorflow/serving/blob/master/tensorflow_serving/apis/model_service.proto#L22)
RPC endpoint).

## How to Configure for Monitoring

Create a monitoring config file containing a
[MonitoringConfig](https://github.com/tensorflow/serving/blob/master/tensorflow_serving/config/monitoring_config.proto#L17)
and set --monitoring_config_file flag to the path of this file. It currently
provides a monitoring exporter for [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/), and
whose config is described in
[PrometheusConfig](https://github.com/tensorflow/serving/blob/master/tensorflow_serving/config/monitoring_config.proto#L7)
protocol buffer. Here's an example:

```proto
prometheus_config {
  enable: true
}
```

> The default monitoring endpoint is /monitoring/prometheus/metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default monitoring endpoint is `/monitoring/prometheus/metrics`.
```

> You add 'path' field into prometheus_config in case of changing the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `path` field in prometheus_config to change the default path.
```

path.

> To read metrics from above monitoring URL, you need to set --rest_api_port to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read metrics from above monitoring URL, you need to set `--rest_api_port` flag to
```

> enable HTTP requests. Prometheus Server pulls metrics from the serving which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enable HTTP requests. Configure your Prometheus Server to pulls metrics from Model Server
```

> has specified endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the configured `--rest_api_port` and  `path`.
```

(can be achieved using
[HandleReloadConfigRequest](https://github.com/tensorflow/serving/blob/master/tensorflow_serving/apis/model_service.proto#L22)
RPC endpoint).

> # How to Configure for Monitoring

Reviewer: two level heading ##

> Creating a monitoring config file containing a

Reviewer: s/Creating/Create

> [MonitoringConfig](https://github.com/tensorflow/serving/blob/1.13.0/tensorflow_serving/config/monitoring_config.proto#L17)

Reviewer: use path to master/ branch (here and in other places)

> and set its path to --monitoring_config_file. It currently provides a monitoring

Reviewer: suggestion:

and set `--monitoring_config_file` flag to the path of this file. It currently ...

> exporter for [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/), and whose configs are

Reviewer: whose config is described in [PrometheusConfig] ...

described
[PrometheusConfig](https://github.com/tensorflow/serving/blob/1.13.0/tensorflow_serving/config/monitoring_config.proto#L7)
protocol buffer. Here's an example:

```proto
prometheus_config {
  enable: true

>   path: '/metrics'

Reviewer: i would skip `path` and mention that  monitoring endpoint is at `/monitoring/prometheus/metrics`. this will encourage people to use the default path. customizing path should be a rare thing than a common one. and not mentioning that in an example will be nice.

}
```

And also you must define also --rest_api_port for HTTP requests.

> Prometheus Server pulls metrics from the serving which has specified endpoint.

Reviewer: suggestion:

To read metrics from above monitoring URL, you need to set `--rest_api_port` to enable HTTP requests.

> Tensorflow defines the basic metrics like

Reviewer: instead of classifying metrics between TF and TF serving, just list all the metrics that are currently available.
